Copper Chimney about_us -- Copper Chimney is an ode to secret recipes and cooking techniques from across Undivided North India. Founded by JK Kapur in 1972 in erstwhile Bombay, Copper Chimney serves up a flavourful melange of its signature Indian dishes, flavours and ingredients to deliver an unforgettable dining experience.
Copper Chimney has a story that During the Partition, Mr. JK Kapur migrated to newly independent India. He always wanted to share with the city the culinary experience reminiscent of his years growing up near the North West Frontier Province. In November 1972, 25 years after he first landed in this new city, his love for the food took shape as the first Copper Chimney in the heart of Bombay. Every detail, from the even heating of custom clay ovens, to the creation of distinctive spice blends showcases the skills of our 'Ustads', our trained master chefs who were trained under JK Kapur and have perfected over the years, the art of preparing and presenting dishes that are simply unforgettable. Over the past 5 decades, Copper Chimney has taken millions of guests on a culinary journey exploring and celebrating  Indian cuisine, culture, and flavours. (PICTURE ON RIGHT) THE LEGENDARY BOLLYWOOD ACTOR MR. DILIP KUMAR INAUGRATED THE ORIGINAL AND MANY OF THE SUBSEQUENT COPPER CHIMNEYS. Seen on the right is the iconic launch day photo featuring Mr. Prem Chaddha (Left), Mr. Dilip Kumar (Center) and Mr. JK Kapur (Right) at the lauch of the first Copper Chimney in erstwhile Bombay in November 1972 During the Partition of India in 1947, Mr. JK Kapur migrated to Bombay from modern-day Pakistan. He always wanted to share with the city the culinary experience reminiscent of his years growing up near the North West Frontier Province. In November 1972, 25 years after he first landed in this new city, his love for the food took shape as the first Copper Chimney in the heart of Bombay. Every detail, from the even heating of custom clay ovens, to the creation of distinctive spice blends showcases the skills of our 'Ustads', our trained master chefs who have perfected over the years, the art of preparing and presenting dishes that are simply unforgettable. Over the past 4 decades, Copper Chimney has taken millions of guests on a culinary journey exploring and celebrating  Indian cuisine, culture, and flavours. (PICTURE ON TOP) THE LEGENDARY BOLLYWOOD ACTOR MR. DILIP KUMAR INAUGRATED THE ORIGINAL AND MANY OF THE SUBSEQUENT COPPER CHIMNEYS. Seen on the top is the iconic launch day photo featuring Mr. Prem Chaddha (Left), Mr. Dilip Kumar (Center) and Mr. JK Kapur (Right) at the lauch of the first Copper Chimney in erstwhile Bombay in November 1972
Copper Chimney has won awards including Over the years, Copper Chimney has won numerous awards and accolades and it continues to feature regularly in the news for its award-wining cuisine and strong history.
Copper Chimney has contact information info@charcoalconcepts.com
Copper Chimney has a franchise in R-City Mall, Ghatkopar at 3rd Floor,R-City Mall, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Amrut Nagar, Ghatkopar West, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400086
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Oberoi Mall, Goregoan (E),mumbai at 2nd floor , Oberoi mall ,Yashodham, Goregaon, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400063
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Lotus Court, Worli, mumbai at 12-A, Lotus Court, Dr. A.B. Road, Mumbai.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Kala Ghoda,Fort, Mumbai at Ground Floor, 3/3A, Hari Chambers, Shahid Bhagat Singh Road, Kalaghoda, Fort, Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400001
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, mumbai at Bandra Kurla Complex, Next to Asian Heart Hospital, Mumbai.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Linking Road, Bandra (W), Mumbai at 266, Linking Rd, Bandra West, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400050
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Delivery Kitchen- Powai at B-10, Kailash Industrial Complex Veer Savarkar Marg, Park
      Site Rd, Vikhroli West, Mumbai.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Juhu,mumbai at Juhu Tara Road, Next Juhu Residency Hotel, opp, HSBC, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400049
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Infiniti Mall, Malad (W), Mumbai at Food Court, Infiniti Mall, Link Road, Malad West , Mumbai - 400064
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Viviana Mall, Thane, Mumbai at 2nd Floor, Viviana Mall, Eastern Express Highway, Near Jupiter Hospital, Majiwada, Thane West.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Nexus Mall, Seawood, Navi mumbai at 2 Floor, Sea woods Grand Central Mall, Near Seawoods Railway Station.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Phoenix Marketcity, Viman Nagar, Pune at 3rd Floor, Phoenix Market City Mall, Viman Nagar, Pune.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Phoenix Mall of the Milleninum, Wakad, Pune at 2nd floor S No. 132, 23, Phoenix mall Millennium, Western Avenue 1-type , Wakad, Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad, Maharashtra 411057
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Phoenix Marketcity Whitefield, Banglore at 1st Floor, Phoenix Market City, Whitefield, Bangalore.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in RMZ Galleria Mall, Yelahanka, Banglore at RMZ Galleria, Bellary Rd, Yelahanka, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560064.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in M5 E-City at Address – 4th floor,M5 E-City Mall, Veerasandra industrial Area, Hosur Rd, opposite to Electronic City Flyover, Phase 2, Electronic City, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560100
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Prestige Tech Park at 1st Floor, Gravity Building, Prestige Tech Park, Outer Ring Rd, Kadubeesanahalli, Bengaluru, Karnataka - 560103
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Cathdral Road, Chennai at 73, Cathedral Road, Gopalapuram, Chennai.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Phoenix Marketcity, Velachery, Chennai at 2nd Floor, Phoenix Market City, Indira Gandhi Nagar, Velachery, Chennai.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Vishal Cinema, Rajouri Garden, Delhi at GF-06, Vishal Cinema, Shivaji Place, Vishal Enclave, Tagore Garden Extension, New Delhi, Delhi 110027.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in DLF Cyber Hub, Gurugram at 11, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 2, Sector 25, Gurugram, Haryana 122022.
Copper Chimney has a franchise in Kolkata Airport at International Airport, Dum Dum, Kolkata.